Getting a Shell
All that’s left to do now is drop our
payload at the beginning of our
buffer of A’s reachable through the first
stage shellcode.
We’ll use a reverse shell as our payload
and generate it using msfvenom.
We’ll pass -p to specify the payload,
followed by values for LHOST and LPORT.
We also specify the bad characters to
avoid with the -b flag,
the output format with -f,
and the variable name to use with -v.
Let’s take a look at how this payload
is added to our final proof of concept.
Our payload is placed towards the
beginning of our buffer,
which means that we need to take the
payload size into account
and pad it with the correct amount of “A”
characters.
This will ensure that we maintain the
original offset in order to overwrite the
EIP register with our desired bytes.
Before we launch our final exploit, let’s
open up a new terminal and setup a netcat
listener to catch our shell.
Now let’s send our exploit.
We’ve received a connection on our Netcat
listener,
However, the shell appears to be stuck.
Going back to our debugger window, it
appears that the application is paused.
When we attempt to let it run, we receive
a message regarding a debug event.
Clicking OK on the event and going back
to our Netcat listener solves the problem.
However, every time we run the exploit,
we would have to repeat this process.
This is because the debugger is catching
SIGCHLD events
when the child process spawned by our
reverse shell generates a signal,
for example when the process exits,
crashes, stops, etc.
To ensure that our exploit is working as
intended,
we’ll restart the Crossfire application
and run it without a debugger attached.
Now let’s try running our exploit again.
As we suspected, running the application
without a debugger attached
provides us with a working reverse shell
from the victim machine.